git-checkout-index: add page (#5107)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-checkout-index.md

# git checkout-index

> Copy files from the index to the working tree.
> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-checkout-index>.

- Restore any files deleted since last commit:

`git checkout-index --all`

- Restore any files deleted or changed since last commit:

`git checkout-index --all --force`

- Restore any files changed since last commit (ignoring deleted files):

`git checkout-index --all --force --no-create`

> - Create an export of the tree at the last commit in the specified directory (the trailing slash is important):

Reviewer: Create an export reads a little weird to me. 
Maybe "Create and export a tree file at the last...". ?
```suggestion
- Create an export of the tree at the last commit in the specified directory (the trailing slash is important):
```

Author: How about just "Export a tree..."?

"Create and export" is technically not right.

Author: How about this?
```suggestion
- Export a copy of the entire tree at the last commit in the specified directory (the trailing slash is important):
```

Reviewer: Nice! Looks good (way better than my suggestion).

> `git checkout-index --all --force --prefix={{git-index-export/}}`

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
`git checkout-index --all --force --prefix={{path/to/export_directory/}}`
```
